GrapheneOS/CalyxOS Comparison Page Improvements (#1753)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/android/grapheneos-vs-calyxos.en.md

[^1]: It should be noted that microG still uses proprietary Google binaries for some of its components such as DroidGuard. Push notifications, if enabled, still go through Google's servers just like with Play Services. Outside of default microG setups like on CalyxOS, it is possible to run microG in the unprivileged [`untrusted app`](https://source.android.com/security/selinux/concepts) SELinux domain and without the signature spoofing patch. However, microG's functionality and compatibility, which is already not nearly as broad as Sandboxed Google Play, will greatly diminish.

## Privileged eSIM Activation Application

Currently, eSIM activation is tied to a privileged proprietary application by Google. The app has the `READ_PRIVILEGED_PHONE_STATE` permission, giving Google access to your hardware identifiers such as the IMEI.

On GrapheneOS, the app comes disabled and you can *optionally* enable it after installing Sandboxed Google Play.

> On CalyxOS, the app comes installed by default (regardless of whether you choose to have microG or not) and cannot be opted out of. This means that Google still has access to your hardware identifiers regardless of whether or not you need eSIM activation and can be accessed persistently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On CalyxOS, the app comes installed by default (regardless of whether you choose to have microG or not) and you cannot opt out of it. This means that Google still has access to your hardware identifiers regardless of whether or not you need eSIM activation and they can be accessed persistently.
```

> On CalyxOS, the app comes installed by default (regardless of whether you choose to have microG or not) and you cannot opt out of it. This means that Google still has access to your hardware identifiers regardless of whether or not you need eSIM activation and they can be accessed persistently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On CalyxOS, the app comes installed by default (regardless of whether you choose to have microG or not) and you cannot opt-out. This means that Google still has access to your hardware identifiers regardless of whether or not you need eSIM activation and they can be accessed persistently.
```

[^1]: It should be noted that microG still uses proprietary Google binaries for some of its components such as DroidGuard. Push notifications, if enabled, still go through Google's servers just like with Play Services. Outside of default microG setups like on CalyxOS, it is possible to run microG in the unprivileged [`untrusted app`](https://source.android.com/security/selinux/concepts) SELinux domain and without the signature spoofing patch. However, microG's functionality and compatibility, which is already not nearly as broad as Sandboxed Play Services, will greatly diminish.

## Profiles

> GrapheneOS significantly improves [user profiles](overview.md#user-profiles) in [multiple ways](https://grapheneos.org/features#improved-user-profiles), such as increasing the limit of how many profiles you can create (16 instead of the standard 4), allowing you to log out of user profiles, disabling app installation and notification forwarding.

Reviewer 3: Is it only me who read this first as "disabling […] notification forwarding"?
